South Africa I have understood without authorization of the illegal and that is
returning to the country
cheerful explained 6 n mustafa the presenter of ozil the first criterion
to the owner of kaká the Argentine very advanced
first
while asked for authorization to the face fruits a judge in his court
that these sentence enforcement judges split the bridge of cetes
the pirate who are killed from the country that south africa this text
separate that live account that is to say g copetrol and cut does not pass this
photocopy
broken with his pop and professor public action representative and he
said here because you qualify because you are serving the sentence of eight
years for a homicide
in series to contain the increasing interest of January of the fifteenth tapir 11
and therefore experiencing conditional explained the identification
kicker
japan conviction
until pedro can not differentiate between living has no country
power to opt towers
and also that he will inform you of this sentence since he said eight years ago
fourth that killed the national entourage of recidivism I do not know how to hire
by
I left because written ticketek that you complain about creating this stage because I can
make and cut ticketek
who told the authorization
said this comic here all news until 20 30 from Monday afternoon by
part of the peaceful act judge kiyoshi kurosawa platinum
this italy because it will create six in the morning all that you deviated picon from
speak and true the artist himself had seen champion the accounts of the
life sentence is stuck iquitos tartita sailor of people who
they traveled on the street
it was worse than losing
I feel like I want something to happen that we had in clothes
negative
and what everything else is the statut this beata
South Africa looks like wild boar that catches enough canary because it wants more
information about preferred area that is here
and good healthy
this just about asking for asylum
archette sang agraria protest the wind
the doctor atl a palace as not only typical tickets and
irrespective of the cause this informative citizen for in this
context leave the country
technical director
like no
and that is occupied by diner in short
the pp does not have any because
ee in that sense and I think that migration to emv effects of them document
denunciation responds illegal Argentina since not to contribute in the country a
little the past because he asked him why he's going to get a
new passport evidently he
and from another old man does not mean why
eight years ago you are condemned this pajín you are going to ask puerto rico like
Forever the good fiscal conduct entity and it is unknown if they are of
agreement that an ongoing conviction the most valuable know the crude process portil
regardless even football in particular we have suspended benefits
this morning that he started from where he came back and stopped
automatically
of course the all that not only what they raised the people who love you
of the correct benefit the peep declared upon leaving in 2011 or of government of the
peru clear the doctor to per cent meter towers in the air depending on the
background of what we have suffered in Argentina with the subject embassy
israeli efe melgar assured rare pricing saying if this person could leave
of this situation
it's like corroborating
anyone can all leave the people in normal situation
itsmf not even that this scheme of the poor people photo puts us half
asked and the battle for greed zapata and aesthetic quinteos tilatá governs the
bicycle it became clear that not clear
efe efe the town that is the own town
The only thing I hope is that all Argentines will finish, we want to see
visit because our team wins a penalty if they do not provide respect
but yukon glass there are many question marks
the bbc does not mean half New Yorker, not that I think it's nice, I agree
with you of stone fruit basketball this department of itapúa teodoro
Full match
bauer party with as much desire as we do but now there is one thing that does not
can be allowed to touch is happening
but of course but of course perfectly perpetrate to work from the
room
in another journalist of the associated press buenos aires stands out of córdoba
of this network pearce province
and of course because I do not know that it is really never for another
apt the surprised everyone has passed us all knowing that they are hours
When a hood was detected I never imagined that it leads to the
hospital I never imagined
because I criticized the theater pedro barber to see how we are so careful with
all the relatives I have lost for the patient at this point the collections that
ask for him
the day it touches me because it starts having people enjoy coming to what
it means
but but I never understood that I could do it, do not hold back shouts from us
respectable
that brings us we rogatory to the bridge in federal capital for what
those who investigate what the former prefect comscore was the father
that was what another car is within the record of the harassment it has for the
tribunal has respect roldán to endow with water because he like this
He came out not right
of course because it does not give me courage to sting for to have ingested papers
wait in the country girl short
tactics the public decree in this way anything other than the sale
of
kebede of influences frozen the text can corrupt to see
there may be a forceful one per permit it is published that they wished cope
colita retort stronger there was arranged as a desert pitcher
the time can operate explained after losing the pp has to be
I think it will also inform to send ethics that had somehow you
could you say responsible leisure careers ended up rolling the country
this could result in
you may try that involved in this alexa cause let's say the original p
another type will go from being doping before
Clear
bethesda we respect everything in the subject that more beneficial than turn
I'm happy with the failure
We want to see what kind of crime committed by Dr. Adalberto
We thank infinitely testimony and in the same way we part as well as the
evoque argentina not as much as you this ship stopper things are solved
as a commune as to the ovation witnesses of his work
font ap chiquititas president of the best employment
for you that the parties well that does not make us spend bad times to get to
people take away truly
and good that it would be that it proposes ten journalists to move two hours
Well, Doctor Maria
the rociera
off finger error we noticed Maria del Pilar are men by the way testimony
pesos
go go the remedy statutes of the femp 8 thousand 465 pesos
the passenger the passenger exit of the photocopy of passengers has already shown
for this person who
You have to comply with the sentence of having served an eight-year sentence for
homicide that had a benefit
for this reason but let's prepare ourselves better of all is to speak it with certain
level of impunity with which they handled the debate goes through the pulled
Porta dempsey filled all that coffee that goes through the house with a step
before donovan that manacor matter is opened to a passport trucho goddess of the
computer was taken out look at the level of impunity and what they want to have
extreme times that this becomes the norm it would be fantastic that we will start
to see another society millions of euros to soccer fans p
that the guy
next to cavazos
he went on the impact of the embargo has no more jail efe not be
I gave
the so-called citizen by the high street in seven months and not be in
freedom
winds of
we're
We wanted to complete this very special theft with that kind of
reference that is presented better
but a judge of the nation that her others maybe on such a day botero
clearly what only two could have done this is something that we thought
important for this morning both to ensure that we are reaching the
five o'clock in the afternoon his voice belongs to everyone